all right let's return to our breaking
news this hour Hamas has released two
captives in response to Kat Egyptian
mediation efforts Tariq abuo is in carun
in Gaza tck just tell us more of what
you know about
this well yes uh today and before just a
couple of minutes the military ring of
Hamas Al kasan brigades in a tweet on
telegram platform they have announced
that they have released two hostages
that were captured uh since the early
beginning of this R of fighting between
Palestinian Fighters and the Israeli
occupation forces those two hostages
were offered before to be uh handed over
to the Israeli uh to the Israeli
occupation but meanwhile the Israeli
occupation before refused to uh to
receive uh and to recept them uh
throughout uh Kat and Egyptian mediation
uh today uh the military ring of Hamas
had handed over those two hostages to uh
the regional mediators in order to be
delivered to the Israeli side for
humanitarian reasons uh the this
incident came uh after the release of uh
old also uh two hostages before a mother
and daughter American daughters who are
really uh dual uh dual uh nationalities
holding de nationalities to the Israeli
uh side uh this step this step came uh
in order to uh to show to the
International Community by the
Palestinian uh Palestinian military uh
wing of Hamas uh that they are dealing
with hostages according to the
principles of international law but
still unclear why the Israeli government
refused to uh receive and to recept
those hostages so two released already
another two released now any Prospect of
further releases do you think I mean
there are lots of reports in Israeli
media that that 50 hostages will be
released uh
imminently uh well till this current
moment there is no any further
confirmation uh by the Palestinian
military ring of Hamas in order to uh to
disclose more information about the
possibility of releasing more than uh
around 50 uh hostages in the potential
and
future they are trying to there are
different efforts have been made in
order to release hostages but till this
current moment there is there is no any
further announcement had been released
by uh Palestinian side in terms of that
all right thanks for that update there t
thanks very much indeed T Abu AUM andun
in Gaza